Hold on.
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
Loyalty and filial piety, I am at odds with you
Xu Ding's photo of your clothes
That's the one.
Democracy that has been a shrinking turtle in the back?
presumptuous
How can the Mingzhu be an existence that you can humiliate at will?
Xu Ding, you are a mere god general
Dare to yell at the Lord God
courting death Xu Ding
Leave quickly
I can tell the king that Baoer is waiting for a way out
Otherwise, your Zhenguo General Mansion will behead all the doors
Hahahahaha
Wang Wei thinks you are just relying on your two words
Can you intimidate me?
Lord Mingzhu will never let you go
You're all going to die.
Mingzhu Xu Ding
Do you really think Master Ming can really stand up for you?
British get out
How do you know Lord Mingchu's name?